this is my new studio and if it looks a
little familiar it's because this would
be a great place for some unboxing some
therapeutic unboxings but the reality is
I was interested in this new Galaxy fold
and I didn't have access to because I'm
not cool enough but there is someone we
all know who is so this is actually my
very first time interacting with the
Galaxy fold
ladies and gentlemen Dave 2d welcome you
know who is I mean you're living on a
rock okay so I've been using it my SIM
card is in it so it's the daily is in
the daily driver status so just keep
that in mind that's okay I'll take you
this is the first this is the true first
impression dave has not looked at I
haven't even seen people's videos not
your video not Marquez's nobody's video
cuz I want to I present you my latest
invention the Galaxy fold I'll unlock it
for you this is the number one question
with the scene yes once I'd seen it
before I know a lot of people have like
talked about it and a lot of people are
critical about it early on
it's there it's there it's more
noticeable than I thought it would be
it's there here's the funny thing about
it in this environment right like this
well-lit environment this is like this
is almost like daylight sort of yeah in
this video here it's super bright
everyone says they whoever comes here
there's all kinds of reflections to be
had and those reflections create yeah
the perception of a much bigger scene
than when you're in other lighting
environments like for example well you
where do you usually use your phone
where would you have it fold it out
where would you be consuming content
maybe for some people it's in broad
daylight and in it and then the scene
would bother them more but for me
personally it is typically indoors yeah
and the brighter the screen is in
relationship to the ambient light the
more that the crease disappears unless
you're looking for it if you're really
looking for it you can find it but
there's been an interesting conversation
about it like a lot of people are saying
that's a deal breaker for them right out
of the gate because they're not used to
the idea of a smartphone having this
imperfection like this but then there's
a different group of people that are
like hey man
products have had hinges and seems like
what about a book if you have a if you
slightly shift your person
effective and you think of more typical
traditional content delivery systems
like publications like paper then you
kind of change a little you're good with
it
well you kind of change your perspective
I feel like the the fold is it's
noticeable I feel like I've get used to
really quickly it would definitely be
better if you couldn't see it yeah
absolutely it would be better if you
couldn't but considering the payoff what
you get in exchange for the crease I
think it's worth it I think it's okay
the front screen that's small it's weird
seeing a 20-19 like premium phone with
such a small main display I don't it's
not I mean the main display but this is
the screen you're gonna be looking at
the most right you're gonna look at this
and never you're gonna unfold it I'm
unfolding like yeah I'm unfolding like
crazy part of it is cuz the keyboard is
so nice when it's unfold is open yeah
you can I can really tell it's still
gonna take some getting used to but it's
it's super comfy so the implementation
that this phone has with the you know
it's the wahwee the phone the mate yeah
excellent they roll with the outside
screens as being like the main yeah if
it bends the other way right closes it
closes backwards compared to this yeah
yeah what do you what he feels like the
way to go for software yeah so when I
saw the I saw the announcement for each
one and I shot I saw the initial
presentation for each one yeah my my
head was in the wall we can because I
was like well no one wants to give up
their display in portrait mode yeah
being sort of flagship level especially
if they're spending 2,000 bucks mm-hmm
and it stayed that way until I got this
one in the hand really yeah because I
thought there's no way that this could
prevail but then I opened it up and I
touched the inside screen and I was like
oh man that's pretty soft and that ain't
korilla glass or anything too special so
what's going in on your pocket I wonder
I just wonder if when Samsung was
looking at this particular problem if
they were like oh we need to address
that first it has to close in on itself
because of durability now granted people
who he's a luxury phone yeah like I was
I was telling Jack earlier that this
belongs in a suit pocket or something
you know yeah you see this is fancy
seeing executive pulling that thing out
so maybe that's not such an issue but in
a typical dusty jean pocket that plastic
display I'm real concerned about
long-term if it were folded on the
outside now I can't I can't say for
certain because I haven't played with
the Huawei device okay so I can't say
for certain I got to get that in hand
before I address it or compare them
directly okay but it's just an area of
concern that I didn't expect to come up
and then having this in hand I was like
oh that could be potentially an issue
and and the other issue is these are big
right because they Bend you have a much
fatter device than you tip about double
double is fat and so when I looked at
the small display I realized well by
going with something so narrow you you
truly have one-handed operation in a
pinch because like I said you're
compelled to pop open the bigger display
anyways it's almost like this one
doesn't try to pretend that it's a
substitute for a flagship 20:19
smartphone yeah it's just like look
one-handed bang out a text or whatever
and move on with your life
the the interesting that thing that's
happened to me is like I feel like I
could live without this life you know at
the front I feel like this is a pocket
laptop sort of case the question the big
question that everyone asks it's the
it's the wrong question they're asking
is it worth it but I think the real
question that I would say is like did
they price this right did Samsung price
this thing appropriately in your opinion
if they're going to be able to do it
they're going to have to have a price
tag to match the difficulty in the
manufacturing process if everybody went
out to buy one of these things tomorrow
I'm not sure they could meet demand oh
no way
yeah there's it's just this is you look
at a typical smartphone I don't have any
on the table right I don't if you have
yours I mean you're looking at a
solid-state kind of a manufacturing
process it's like I mean I don't know if
you've ever been in a smartphone
manufacturing facility but it's all
machine a lot of it and even where there
are people it's very automated almost
their activities are sort of automated
their involvement in their part of the
process yeah it's clearly defined when
you have moving components it's a
totally different ball really when you
have any kind
mechanical component like this hinge
first labor now it's just it's just more
difficult to manufacture at scale at
Madison to test for I mean you think
about the Quality Assurance on something
like this he got a bend it what was will
telling me how many times is this rated
to bend a hundred thousand times and
that so that gives you a hundred four
five years of a hundred a hundred folds
per day each day for five years is what
it's rated for now I don't know if
that's impressive or not really depends
on how long you expect to hold on to
this thing yeah but like moving parts
just like people were saying with
motorized cameras when a knotch talk
started and whatnot it's moving parts
are not ideal you try to eliminate them
wherever possible and it's not just from
a durability standpoint it's also from a
manufacturing standpoint it introduces
more potential for for failure for error
so like you said I don't know that it's
so much about them trying to find a
price point that compels the the mass
public to purchase it yes I think it's
the price point is intentionally where
it is to kind of imply like this is the
bleeding edge for now it's for a select
group of people and I think yeah even at
nineteen eighty I think they're gonna
have trouble keeping these things on the
Shelf really I do as expensive as it is
because there's a thing that this thing
has they can't really be related one to
one to the rest of the smartphone market
screen okay yeah but what I mean it is a
factor where it's a throwback all the
way to the original iPhone as far as I
can tell it felt special to hold that
thing exactly and you go to public
they're holding it are you there's that
feeling of like I'm I'm someone special
that's the piece and also also people
coming up to you and being like hey what
is the thing that you're holding there
because the weird thing about technology
as much as its serving a purpose and a
function and it does a task whatever you
ask it to do yeah it also has
increasingly become this symbol of
cultural connectivity awareness this
kind of like signal to everyone else
that you're like you're up on the
culture if you're aware of the latest
when you pull this thing out it says
something about what you're interested
in immediately
like any other smartphone can't really
do there's something about this whole
thing that makes every other phone I've
ever used feel like I have the wrong
product yeah
and waited yeah yeah that's the I mean I
think there are these kind of movements
that happen he's uh innovations I guess
that take place where it becomes obvious
that there's some there's there's
something happening it's almost you
can't pinpoint it well when something
just feels futuristic yeah I really
think this is okay Lou Dave we're gonna
sign out there you have it cool okay
here we go
Wow this just in some galaxies folder
view phones are breaking after a couple
days of use this week on whose review
unit was it CNBC Bloomberg and the verge
are sharing screen issues and dense ooh
that looks nasty